# CS-250

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? The way I interpret user needs is by maintaining a direct line of communication with the end-user and checking in with them periodically between sprints. I then take the functionality the user desires and find a way to add it to their program in the next sprint phase. User stories help with this because they lay out a guideline for each item the user expects in the program. It lets the developer know the success conditions needed to make the customer happy, where the user will be in the program when they come to a feature, and it allows the developer to know how important the task is to the overall development of the program.

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? The way I approach the development of a program is to first build in the bare bones functionality of the program. Then I go back in and add extra features to enhance the functionality and efficieny of the program. An Agile process I hope to incorparate into my future development work is to constantly take in feedback from my users and update or modify my programs to exceed the expectations of my customers.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? To be a good software development team member is to first maintain lines of communication with all of your team members so that everyone can stay on the same page. Another way to be a good team member is to carry your own weight, and make sure you accomplish everything that has been assigned to you. After that a good team member should then be working to help any team members who may be struggling with a section of the program.
